TITLE:
Boysenberry & White Chocolate No Bake Cheesecake

TOTAL_TIME:
6hours hours 45minutes minutes

YIELDS:
8

INGREDIENTS:
['250 gram packet of gingernuts. crushed', '¼ cup caster sugar', '125 grams butter , melted', '300 milliliters cream , divided', '1 x 190 gram block Countdown Belgian white chocolate', '2 x 225 gram blocks cream cheese , softened', '2 Tablespoons caster sugar', '2 Tablespoons icing sugar (optional for a slightly sweeter and thicker cheesecake)', '1 teaspoon lemon juice', '1 cup frozen boysenberries , thawed and drained', '1 Tablespoon maple syrup']

INSTRUCTIONS:
Put the frozen berries in a small sieve to thaw and drain over a bowl. Once thawed, press out most of the liquid and discard, and add the thawed berries to a small saucepan with the maple syrup. Cook over a medium heat for 5 minutes until the sauce thickens slightly. Remove from heat and put in the fridge to cool until needed.
Crush the biscuits using a food processor, blender or in a bag with a rolling pin. Stir in the caster sugar and melted butter and press into a 23cm/9 inch round springform cake tin. Use a measuring cup to make sure the base is pressed down really firmly so that it holds together when set. Place the tin in the fridge to start setting.
In a heatproof bowl combine ¼ cup of the cream with the chocolate and microwave in 20 second increments, stirring each time until melted or place the bowl over a pot of water on a medium heat and stir until melted. Allow to cool slightly.
Using a handheld or stand mixer with the whisk attachment, whip the remaining cream until stiff peaks form. Set aside.
Using a handheld or stand mixer with the paddle attachment whip the cream cheese and caster sugar for 3-4 minutes on medium-high speed until the mixture is fluffy and there are no lumps of cream cheese. Add the chocolate/cream mixture, icing sugar (if using) and lemon juice and mix on medium-high speed for a further 2-3 minutes, until the mixture lightens in colour and is fluffy. Gently fold through the whipped cream.
Spoon half of the filling onto the biscuit base. Drop 3-4 tablespoons of berry sauce on top of the filling and use a fork to swirl through the filling. Repeat with the remaining filling and berry sauce.
Refrigerate for at least 6 hours and up to 48 hours (overnight is preferable) before serving.

IMAGE:
https://www.thekiwicountrygirl.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/Boysenberry-White-Chocolate-Cheesecake-8.jpg

HOST:
www.thekiwicountrygirl.com

AUTHOR:
Laura

LANGUAGE:
en-US

CANONICAL_URL:
https://www.thekiwicountrygirl.com/boysenberry-white-chocolate-no-bake-cheesecake/

